docs(ospo): community health rollout v2 — README, agents.md, health files (#221)
owncloud/testing: README.md

# Testing

<!-- OSPO-managed README | Generated: 2026-04-16 | v2 -->

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL--3.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE) [![ownCloud OSPO](https://img.shields.io/badge/OSPO-ownCloud-blue)](https://kiteworks.com/opensource)

The Testing app provides helper utilities that facilitate automated testing of ownCloud Server. It exposes internal testing endpoints and utilities used by the ownCloud acceptance test suites to set up test fixtures, manage test users and manipulate server state during test execution. This app is not intended for use in production instances.

## Part of Infrastructure / Tooling

> This app is part of the [ownCloud Server (OC10)](https://github.com/owncloud/core) testing infrastructure. It is enabled on CI systems and test environments to provide the API endpoints that ownCloud's automated acceptance tests depend on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app is part of the [ownCloud Server (classic, PHP-based)](https://github.com/owncloud/core) testing infrastructure. It is enabled on CI systems and test environments to provide the API endpoints that ownCloud's automated acceptance tests depend on.
```
